Description:
    CppRpg is just small turn-based rpg for console (or it should be).
    Battle mode development is first thing that was released but it also in progress yet.

Build:
    Directory "obj" should be created in the repo before building the project.
    To build the programm you shoud use make:
        > make
    If you wish to get debug-version of the program or
        > make build
    To compile project with -O2 option and without debugs.

    Additional options described in file build_opt.desc
    
How to use:
    Build program and start "test".

    After program start game map is displayed. Here blinking 'm' is mage, your character.
    Also there is 3 'G' golems that will be attack you. They are can feel you everywhere
    but they are too stupid to avoid walls or other obstacles.
    
    You can move you character to other cell, or use any spell.
    Every new turn is started in moving mode.
    
    There is 3 mode:
        moving <=> choose spell <=> choose of target
    
Moving mode:
    To move your character you can type one buttons from belove:
    
    q w e
    a   d
    z x c
    
    All other buttons except space and 'f' will ends your turn.
    
    Note! Attemption of moving ends your turn as successful moving. Be carefull and
    don't hit yourself to walls: enemyes will not waiting for you get serious.
    
    'f' button will switch "moving mode" to "spell choose mode".
    
Spell choose mode:
    Menu of spells should appeare when you entry in this mode. It shows spells allowed
    for your character.
    Button behavior here:
        'w' - move cursor up
        's' - move cursor down
        'q' - do not use a spell. It will return you into moving mode.
        'f' - choose marked spell. It will turns tou into target choose mode.

    Note! Your character can use spells on himself. But it is funny when your mage died
    because he punched or cursed himself.
    
Target choose mode:
    Here you can choose target for applying your spell. Spells can directed/indirected.
   
    For indirected spells (as punch or ligthing)
        'f' - apply the spell for target/s. Turn will be ended after that.
        's' - choose other target
        'q' - choose other spell. It will return you into spell chose mode.
        
    For directed spells (as fireball) use moving buttons (as in moving mode) to move red
    frame (all inside will be target for spell) and press 'f' to apply spell on targets.
    To return to choose of spell type 'r'.
    
End of game:
    Game have one end - death of your character. 
    Press space button if you want to exit from the game.
    
Instruction is written at 23 may 2022.
